Neural model
    The encoder and decoder layers of AgentNet is composed of Multi-Layer Perceptrons (MLP). The dimension notation
    such as [32, 16, 1] means that the model is consists of three perceptron layers with 32, 16 and 1 neurons in each layer.
    Also, dims. is an abbreviation of dimensions.

    All of the encoding layers of AgnetNet is composed of [Input dims, 256, 256, Attention dims. X # of Attentions].
    Here, input dimensions are chosen as sum of the number of state variables and additional variables such as global
    variable (as in AgentNet for AOUP) and indicator variable (as in AOUP for CS). The form of the final dimension
    indicates that each output of encoder (key, query, and value) will be processed separately.

    With these outputs and (additional) global variables, neural attention is applied and attention coefficients eij are
    calculated. (Details of neural attention is explained in section 3 of SI. appendix.) We apply additional LeakyReLU
    nonlinearity (with a negative slope of 0:2) to the attention coefficients and normalize them with softmax, following [5].

    After attentions are multiplied to respective values and averaged, we concatenate the (original target agent’s) value and
    its averaged attention-weighted values (from others) and feeds it into the decoder. Since two tensors are concatenated,
    the last dimension of this tensor has twice the length of the original dimension of value tensor. Decoder consists of [2 X
    value dims., 128, 128, output dims.]. Note that the dimension of the value vector is the same as [Attention dims. X #
    of Attentions], since it is an output of the encoder.

    In the stochastic setting, decoded tensor further feeds into other layers to obtain sufficient statistics for the probabilistic
    distribution. In this paper, those statistics are means and covariance matrixes. Layers for theses values are consist
    of [output dims., 64, 64, corresponding number of variables]. For instance, a 6-dimensional covariance matrix is
    uniquely decided with 21 variables, thus the final dimension of covariance layer is 21.

    In the case of the target system with probable time correlations, we adopted Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) as an
    encoder to capture those correlations.[63] Hidden states and cell states have 128 dims. each and initialized by additional
    MLPs that jointly trained with the main module. As explained in the main manuscript, AgentNet checks each time step
    whether an agent is new and present. If an agent is newly entered, new LSTM hidden states are initialized. Otherwise,
    hidden states succeeded from the previous result.


Training
    All of the training used 2 to 10 NVIDIA TITAN V GPUs, the longest training for single model took less than 2 days.
    ReLU activations and Adam Optimizer [64] are used for construction of model and training. The learning rate was set
    to 0.0005 and decreased to 70% of pervious value when the test loss remains still for 50 epochs. Table 1 shows further
    details of the model for each system, including the number of attention heads.